hello and welcome from my
name is dennis and today I want you
the miracle weapon the g2 show the
marvel weapon the g2 belongs to the classes
the miracle weapons I give you a strength
of 8 because they are actually very strong
but has a very funny effect
munitions moderately looks like they
The effect is three to fifteen shot like that
shit system ammunition also very little
Well, if you ask them to load you three
such small lightning capsule after find
I actually quite cool looks quite
cool but well if you look at them
you want to have them out of the
crate get just as with rails
this is on call of the dead
a little different there you have to at least
once that's done and then
kill George Romero if you did that
has and then picks up the wonder weapon that
is then such a deadly sign like that
bring the death then you have them first
time until it's empty
In the hand you can have the weapon
do not change and no ammunition
buy or something
also if you have max m on the floor
has somehow by accident
reloaded the weapon
maybe you can hire dr or something
what amused so far but that
happens in the rarest cases
important is that the weapon only ten
killing zombies is the effect of what
that's why I did not speak
she is not my favorite weapon
but well
komatsu the wonderful for fat three az
she gets more a strength of 10
because she is a little bit better
and who the ammo of 36 is already
360 zombies are a bit better
is the double so very cool
every case
It is not available at cinema number
because it's not a packet bank machine
gives you only the normal
wonderful for call of the dead exactly
the same thing there it is so
you can not dance because it's a power
up is this wonder weapon as you know
Can you bring the whole death
normal death also does not fit
exactly the same principle in the wonderful
for dg 2 at call of the dead
It is important that the weapon increases
reach with the flash but has
still kill only ten zombies
yes that was actually up to the video
next time